README.md, before:

In this project, the analysis of XAI methods is performed based on the dataset :- 
Tumour Detection of pancreas 
- websites link: https://xaidataset.github.io/dataset/#tumor-detection-(tumor-xai)
- drive link: https://drive.google.com/file/d/18zIIOiO6ki_6cP403J-T0zrGp7CgNk6G/view?usp=sharing


# [1] to analyse & describe briefly the above dataset

Key Properties of dataset are as follows:

There are 361 images and they are divided. They nature of the data is imbalanced, i.e,
more positive image [ 281, under /data/image/pos ] than negative images [ under /data/image/neg ].
Additionaly, we can find Annotations a .csv file [ under /data/attention_label/results_img_PT7_factual.csv] that are 
Human annotation tyoe &	"Pixel-wise format" which best suits for XAI explations.

# [2] to setup env and package installation
[ conda create --name xai_env
install python packages:
pip install -r /requirements.txt
]

# [3] load a pre-trained model and fine-tune as per the dataset
- [i] defined a "TumorDataset" class for the easy of data load [data_preprocession.py]
- [ii] to train model, consuming : Wide Residual Networks - wide_resnet50_2 [train_model.py]

# [4] XAI Methods [xai_methods.ipynb]
- upon fine-tuned model, we'll start to explain how the model is predicting case for the specified task. 
- Following XAI methods consumed for the explaination of the fine-tuned model:
    -

Commit message:

added data_preparation & train_model

README.md, after:

In this project, the analysis of XAI methods is performed based on the dataset :- 
Tumour Detection of pancreas 
- websites link: https://xaidataset.github.io/dataset/#tumor-detection-(tumor-xai)
- drive link: https://drive.google.com/file/d/18zIIOiO6ki_6cP403J-T0zrGp7CgNk6G/view?usp=sharing


# [1] to analyse & describe briefly the above dataset

Key Properties of dataset are as follows:

There are 361 images and they are divided. They nature of the data is imbalanced, i.e,
more positive image [ 281, under /data/image/pos ] than negative images [ under /data/image/neg ].
Additionaly, we can find Annotations a .csv file [ under /data/attention_label/results_img_PT7_factual.csv] that are 
Human annotation tyoe &	"Pixel-wise format" which best suits for XAI explations.

# [2] to setup env and package installation
[ conda create --name xai_env
install python packages:
pip install -r /requirements.txt
]

# [3] load a pre-trained model and fine-tune as per the dataset 
    [ here in the repo dataset "data_pancreas/", is not uploaded]
- [i] defined a "TumorDataset" class for the easy of data load [data_preparation.py]
- [ii] to train model, consuming : Wide Residual Networks - wide_resnet50_2 [train_model.py]

# [4] XAI Methods [xai_methods.ipynb]
- upon fine-tuned model, we'll start to explain how the model is predicting case for the specified task. 
- Following XAI methods consumed for the explaination of the fine-tuned model:
    -
